1. Childhood:
When 유정 was young, 유정 was quite shy. But the preference for being alone and quiet seems to be the same as before and now. Since he was born with a handsome appearance as a rich man, he seems to have suffered in many ways from people who have approached him just by looking at his wealth and appearance and have caused inconvenience to him.

One day as a child, Yoo-jung follows her parents to a party, but it's easy to stay quiet alone, so she leaves the party and goes somewhere else. Then, a girl who came to the party with Yoo-jung sees Yoo-jung's handsome face and sticks to her to play with her, but Yoo-jung, who wanted to stay quiet alone, does not show interest in the girl. When an angry girl breaks down a toy truck and cries because she's not looking after her, Yoo-jung says, "I didn't do anything wrong, but she comes and bothers me and cries red-handedly," and "I have to break the neck of that doll (the girl is holding) because I broke my truck."

Gong Ju-yong, who was hearing that next to her, was freaked out and squeezed Yoo-jung and said, "Don't show your annoyance in front of others." If you're so openly annoyed, you'll only lose money, so stay smiling no matter what.' Yoo-jung accepted the advice to hand it over with a smile, but eventually broke the girl's doll's neck by doing a back maneuver, as if the resentment has not gone away. He even dyes Gongju Yong, who advised him in return for hitting him in the head.

Professor Baek, the grandfather of Baek In-ho, noticed this aspect of Yoo-jung and felt chills, so he visited Yoo-jung's father, Chairman Yoo, and warned him. At the time, Chairman Yoo thinks of it as Professor Baek's overreaction and passes it, but since advice is advice, he keeps a close eye on Yoo-jung.

A few years later, Yoo-jung brings her team members home for vacation homework, and even when she is angry, she smiles unconditionally rather than talking straightforwardly. But the problem is that a child implicitly "devastated" Yoo-jung when he saw her like that, saying, "She looks like a pushover." The quick-witted Yoojung notices that the child ignored her.

After ignoring Yoo-jung, when she saw the frame that Yoo-jung's mother had for a long time, she wanted to give it to her, saying, "Isn't it okay to give it to her since she's rich?" Yoo-jung, who implicitly ignored herself and didn't want to give her mother's frame to a child who wanted to take someone else's things without thinking about what she did, naturally refuses.

2. a high school student
When I was in high school, I went to the same school as Baek In-ho and Baek In-ha. According to Baek In-ho's recollection, he seems to have met only quiet and calm women similar to himself. However, he said that if you are good, you will gradually cross the line, suggesting that he is fed up with seeing himself only with money or appearance. Because the opponents were like that, they didn't have any lingering feelings even when they kicked, and they seemed to be bothered. In the third part of the flashback scene, he doesn't care much if his girlfriend is bullied by Baek In-ha and lies that Baek In-ha is sick and has to go to the hospital, so he punches his appointment with his girlfriend under the excuse of Baek In-ha.

Until high school, Baek and his siblings were like brothers and sisters, and they were open to some extent, playing with each other often. However, when Baek In-ha confessed that he did not think of Baek In-ha as a romantic partner, he refused at once.

Baek In-ho claims that Yoo-jung was the one who instigated the incident, regarding the incident in which his left hand was injured by school violence. (See also Baek In-ho.) Yoo-jung claims that she did not commit the left hand incident, but Baek and Yoo-jung's father do not believe it.

The truth was revealed to some extent in the fourth part, and although it was not directly instigated, it had a great influence on the case. You come to Yoojung, who thought Baek In-ho was his father's eye, and say that you are, but say coldly that it was all started by you.

3. the first semester of one's third year at university
Hong Seol met for the first time when he was introduced by Kim Sang-chul at an after-school party after returning to school, calling him "a junior who fits me well."

The first impression is literally the worst.

Yoo-jeong, who was initially aware of Kim Sang-chul's understanding and calculating aspect, could never give a good impression to Hong Seol, who said he was a good match for Kim Sang-chul. In fact, Kim Sang-chul's personality was not so good, such as mentioning the personal circumstances of other classmates in free rides in the group project, so his colleagues, including Hong Seol, did not trust him, but Sang-cheol introduced him as being close to Hong Seol in the sense of "a junior who is reasonably comfortable, nice and on good terms with him."

This alone is the worst, but the impression was even worse when Jang Bo-ra forced her to accompany lettuce wrap to see Hong Seol drink while pouring alcohol around her mouth. On top of that, it was the decisive moment to see him pick up cigarette butts accidentally while grinning. At this time, while talking to Baek In-ha on the phone, they're all similar. It is said to be 'silly, too', but the bad relationship begins when Hong Seol overhears it unintentionally.

The first impression was the worst, but while passing through the hallway, Jang Bo-ra accidentally said, "If you're close to Yoo-jung, you'll get to know her, so be close to her," and unintentionally overheard Hong Seol agreeing. With this, Yoo-jung completely misunderstands Hong Seol as an understandable human being who runs only for money and appearance, who has no intention of treating someone who is no different from others as a person, and later sneaks away whenever Hong Seol tries to say hello.

Kim Kyung-hwan, who is the only friend in the university, asked him to come to the TOEIC study, so he went to a study meeting hosted by Ha Jae-woo and met Hong Seol. It is not known whether it was intended or not, but even though it was a meeting hosted by Ha Jae-woo, he seems to be leading the meeting. They send Oh Young-gon, who is talking and playing around, calling him an assistant's call, or they don't listen when Ha Jae-woo says the same thing, but when Yoo-jung says it, everyone naturally accepts it and follows his words.

Hong Seol, who has seen such a subtle class atmosphere, accidentally laughs with "foot" while imagining Yoo-jung's true self, but Yoo-jung thinks Hong Seol laughed at her and is vindictive.

After that, Yoo-jung immediately conducts a back maneuver to avenge Hong Seol. Yoo-jung uses the heart of Nam Joo-yeon, who has a crush on her, to deliberately cover Hong Seol in front of Nam Joo-yeon, or to create a misleading scene as if Hong Seol was flirting with her, causing Nam Joo-yeon to bully Hong Seol.

However, Yoo-jung is disillusioned with her usual "understandingly despotic attitude of treating a person as if he were treating a tool only by looking at money, appearance, or ability, and an attitude of concealing such an attitude behind her and pretending to be sincere on the outside." However, in reality, Nam Joo-yeon, who likes her, is being treated as a tool by pretending to laugh as if she was treating her wholeheartedly on the outside. Oil wells are committing their most disillusioning actions with their own hands, that is, making themselves the most disillusioned kind of human beings. However, it seems that Yoojung is not objectively aware of her appearance here.

After a while, I accidentally run into Hongseol in the hallway. Hong Seol tried to avoid Yoo-jung before she saw it and misunderstood it again, but Kim Sang-chul intervened and made them better, and Hong Seol conveyed to Yoo-jung the words of "People seem to have a wrong idea about Yoo-jung, not that kind of person." After Kim Sang-chul leaves, Hong Seol tries to leave in a panic, but he spills over the pile of documents he was holding and falls. Rather than picking up the documents after seeing them, Yoo-jung kicks a sheet of paper in front of her, saying, "I have to be careful." In response to this, Hong Seol describes that she has experienced such insulting and angry feelings for the first time in her life.

In the basketball game, Kwon Eun-taek throws a basketball to Oh Young-gon due to the problem of Jang Bo-ra and bursts into a nosebleed, where Oh Young-gon gets angry and explodes a bomb in front of people, saying, "Everything you guys do is fake, don't you know that?" At this time, Hongseol is secretly pleased because he has been beaten, but Yoojung notices it. Since then, he has seen Hong Seol tap Oh Young-gon's shoulder while smiling, and Yoo-jung misunderstands that Hong Seol defended Oh Young-gon, saying he did well.

Afterwards, while talking with Kim Sang-chul and Nam Joo-yeon, when the story of Hongseol came out, he talked about it as if he was unexpectedly nice." Here, when Oh Young-gon was interested in Hong Seol, who comforted her, and asked Yoo Jung about "Doesn't Hong Seol like me?" Yoo Jung becomes tired and roughly responds, and Nam Joo-yeon lies that she knows Yoo Jung well and that her expression was sincere, putting air in Oh Young-gon.

4. Summer vacation in my third year of college
Until now, readers thought Nam Joo-yeon's actions were a direct trigger for the Oh Young-gon incident… As it turned out, the real dark secret of the Oh Young-gon incident was Yoo-jung.

Even during vacation, Yoo-jung sends a text message saying, "Seol must like you." when Oh Young-gon sticks to Hongseol-related issues. At this time, he looks at Oh Young-gon's text next to him and makes an impression on white-ha that the other girl (Hong Seol) is completely pitiful and says, "It's the same as the text guy or the girl." In response to Yoo-jung's attitude, the white person even sends a text message that advises her by imitating the way Yoo-jung talks, and Yoo-jung stands by for the white person to send such a text. Oh Young-gon trusted the texts and put them into practice, and Hong Seol, who had no heart to Oh, feels like stalking and is under tremendous stress.

The decisive blow that gave Oh Young-gon a huge illusion was the text "Seol must like you" sent by Yoo-jung. Oh Young-gon and Hong Seol were malicious in watching Baek In-ha, who sent such texts and sent advice texts, even though he knew that Oh Young-gon had been chasing female students and doing problematic actions. Although Oh Young-gon did not expect to do anything as extreme as stalkingHowever, Yoojung is also at fault for some reason that the incident would not have happened at all if he had not sent a text to encourage Oh Young-gon in the first place.

After Oh Young-gon clashed with Hong Seol and Kwon Eun-taek, he called and said, "I did everything I told you to do, but this happened because of my senior." Oh Young-gon returned what he said at the basketball game, saying, "There's a lot of talk because I can't even distinguish the food." And I give the phone to the white man who came home.

5. the second semester of one's third year at university
Hong Seol, who suffered from Oh Young-gon's stalking throughout the vacation, asks Yoo-jung about Oh Young-gon's work as soon as the semester begins, but Yoo-jung looks surprised as if she has no idea. Kim Sang-chul, who was next to him at this time, just passed it off, and Nam Joo-yeon played a joke, but Oh Young-gon defended Yoo-jung, saying it was because it was a problem. Hong Seol is puzzled that Yoo-jung is refusing to take Oh Young-gon's personality into consideration, even though he is not a human being. Yoo-jung apologizes and mentions compensation, saying it is true that she agreed, but Hong Seol is more suspicious, saying it is weird to mention compensation when it's not even her job.

Yoojung also puts pressure on Hong Seol and laughs at her when Hong Seol criticizes Oh Young-gon from the day of the semester and stares at her in the classroom. And when Nam Joo-yeon witnesses the situation, they misunderstand each other even more.

Yoo-jung, who was resting in a quiet place because she was tired, accidentally overheard Hong Seol talking on the phone. Hong Seol takes it out on the phone to her mother that she was scolded by her father for not being able to receive a full scholarship because of Yoo-jeong, and expresses her regret about her father who does not recognize her efforts at all. Yoo-jung gets some impression from Hong Seol's appearance of trying to leave, saying, "I understand why Hong Seol got twisted," but quietly suppresses her anger to the inside. Some readers argue that they must have felt favored here, but in fact, many refute that it is too much to change at one point just by seeing a person who was firmly hated. It is possible that he felt instant sympathy here because it is Yoojung's daily life (although of course, he often retaliates in a perverse way).

After a while, he runs into Hong Seol again in the hallway, and while Hong Seol is contemplating whether to say hello to him or not, he just ignores it and passes by. And shortly after this, a diarrhea medicine incident took place, and while Hong Seol and Nam Joo-yeon were fighting, Nam Joo-yeon told Hong Seol, "Yeah, I gave you the wrong printing on purpose and told you the wrong time! So what?" you hear him shout. Yoojung then distanced herself from Nam Joo-yeon.

However, Yoo-jung was not aware that Nam Joo-yeon was originally doing such a thing, so Nam Joo-yeon was encouraging Hong Seol to bully in the first place. Even though he is the one who encouraged Hong Seol, it can only be said to be deceitful and hypocritical to throw it out as if he did not want to get along with Nam Joo-yeon, who did nothing wrong.

In the international marketing group project, Yoojung becomes a member of the same team as Hong Seol. In the course of the meeting, when he pretends not to be Hong Seol and tries to win, he pretends to praise Hong Seol and passes all the research on the assignment data.

After the group meeting, Hong Seol, who got up first because of his part-time job while talking with Kim Kyung-hwan at the company dinner, was slightly surprised when he said, "Why are you paying for everything alone when it's a group meeting?" With this incident, Yoo-jeong escapes the prejudice that Hong Seol would be a calculating and dependent human being like no other.

Meanwhile, Nam Joo-yeon, who has been nervous since Yoo-jung caught the diarrhea medicine case, impulsively sends a homeless grandmother, who Yoo-jung had worried about, to the library where Hongseol is located. Nam Joo-yeon thought that a homeless person would be caught by a security guard in the middle or would go and sing a song, but it was Oh. Nam Joo-yeon, who returned after hearing the sound of breaking the bottle in the middle, encounters Yoo-jung, who was passing by just in time on the way. Nam Joo-yeon asks for help, but Yoo-jung shrugs it off and goes away, but she calls the guard for now. At this time, Hong Seol injures her hand by a broken soju bottle wielded by a homeless person.

The day after the incident, he picked up Hong Seol's drink in front of the vending machine and pretended to be worried, pointing to his injured hand, saying, "Take care of yourself, it's only a loss if you're hurt," but actually warning and laughing, and pretending as if he didn't know anything.

Since then, Hongseol seems to have been bothering me, so when Hongseol gives his opinion at the festival, he makes it a silent bowl. However, contrary to expectations, Hong Seol leaves with a rather dry expression, and Yoojung is slightly surprised to see Hong Seol react differently than expected. There is also an opinion that "he stopped bothering Hong-seol because he recognized that she was hurt," but Yoo-jeong intentionally hurt Hong-seol in the first place, but given that Yoo-jeong had low empathy and moral skills and completely othered Hong-seol as just a annoying and annoying person, it is possible that Hong-seol momentarily realized what it was like to be bothering Hong-seol without thinking.

While walking with Kim Kyung-hwan, I see Hong Seol, and I hear Kim Kyung-hwan saying, "Yoo-jung and Hong Seol are similar," regarding the loss of both senior and deputy seats, respectively, and they are always stuck in the middle. Yoojung hated Hongseol until then

Soon after, he encounters Hong Seol in the hallway. Hong Seol tries to ignore the oil well as if she doesn't have one, but the ringtone that Jang Bo-ra changed is exhausting I'm flustered by the bee sting and I spill the stuff in my bag. Yoojung looks at Hongseol and picks up a pen at the foot and glances past it. An incident showing that Yoo-jung's feelings about Hongseol began to change little by little.

The bad feelings that have accumulated so far have not completely disappeared, but they seem to care about Hongseol secretly. He glances at Hongseol and overhears conversations with male seniors (Min Do-hyun). When Hong Seol received the number, she passed right by and embarrassed Hong Seol. Later, while going to deliver the print at Kim Sang-chul's request, he hears a conversation between Kim Sang-chul and Min Do-hyun and learns that Min Do-hyun approached with the intention of having a relationship with Hong Seol. However, he turns his back and walks away, saying, "What is this?" And even when I go to the classroom and see Hong Seol and Min Do-hyun sitting in front of me talking about the theme of the contest, I think of Curquie and don't care. When Min Do-hyun praised Hong Seol and patted her hair, she said she felt sick. After hearing Min Do-hyun tell Hong Seol to have a dinner in Bulgama, he tells his classmates to go somewhere else. However, when he sees Min Do-hyun trying to drag Hong Seol to the Bulgama due to Kim Sang-chul's stubbornness, he slightly blocks her and brings her out. I said I'd catch a taxi for you, but I threw it in front of the taxi stop and said, "Do you want to sit there? Go home," he says coldly and leaves.

The next day, when Hong Seol and her eyes meet, she still frowns. Judging from what Kim said at the time, he seems to have accepted Hong Seol's suggestion for the festival. However, he ignores Hong Seol's attempt to thank her for helping her sleep yesterday. A few days later, he came to the festival preparation meeting early, sat down, and came into the classroom with Hong Seol. The two ignore each other and wait for their colleagues to come because they came early. Meanwhile, Yoo-jung was glancing while looking at the book and observing Hong-seol's earbuds, but Hong-seol looked sick, so she talked to her and surprised her and fell out of her chair. At that time, the situation of Yuyamuya is settled due to the influx of his colleagues, and Hong Seol secretly shrugs off Yoo-jung's hand, saying it's okay.

Festival preparations begin, and festival preparations are divided into two teams, a public relations team and a store team, Yoo-jung volunteers with the store team, and Hong Seol volunteers with her friends on the contrary. However, Yoo-jung is opposed to Hong Seol's expression and attitude, so she is elected to her store team in the name of being the person who came up with the idea of the pub by pinpointing the ratio issue and Hong Seol. Hong Seol is swept away by the atmosphere and comes to the store team alone without refusing.

Later, while preparing for the store, Yoo-jung entrusts Hong Seol to move a light box to the kitchen. Yoo-jung quietly apologized and tried to wrap up the last festival proposal by helping Hong Seol, but Hong Seol had already finished transporting the kitchen boxes by herself to sort them out, and the boxes were heavy enough to hurt Hong Seol's hands, rather than being light. Yoo-jung is embarrassed that the situation is not flowing as expected and Hong Seol is still shaking her head at her. I want to make an excuse, but the store work is so busy that I keep calling myself. Yoo-jung regretted bringing Hong Seol to the store team for no reason and thought it would have been enough to just say let's meet at school for a while.

It is said that Yoojung did not do it on purpose to Seol after finishing her work. After that, while working, Kim Sang-chul falls into the middle, saying he doesn't want to suffer alone. Since Kim Sang-chul left out what Kim Sang-chul and other public relations students had to finish, dissatisfied department students say they will only hand out flyers, saying why they are doing their part. In front of Hong Seol, who is puzzled by that, he asks the students to go, saying that he and Hong Seol will put up a poster. As soon as people leave, they turn around and lie on the sofa and tell Hong Seol to just go, telling her the way to the back door. However, when Hong Seol said she would put up a poster, she said, "No one knows you're doing that." Furious at that, Hong Seol said, "Not everything is intended to look good to others," adding, "Isn't it convenient to do it alone?" "Isn't it true for a senior to do it alone?" He wakes up in a fit of anger at that, but he lies on the sofa again, nervous, unable to respond.

After Hongseol left, he cleaned up to some extent and slept on the sofa as if his physical condition had deteriorated. Hong Seol, who found it, takes care of herself. When I open my eyes again, I find Hong Seol, who was covered with a blanket, bought medicine, and cared for me, on the sofa on the other side. Looking around, Yoojung is surprised to see that what she has to do is neatly arranged and all the posters are posted even in the midst of the rain. And when she returns and looks at Hongseol, she realizes that she has a fever and is sick. As she turns around surprised that she touched Hongseol, Hongseol talks in her sleep and grabs Yoojung's sleeve. And he said in his sleep, "On purpose... No... When I say, "I'm scared... Hand..." she looks blankly at her and holds Hong Seol's finger. And I leave an umbrella next to Hongseol and go back.

The next day, Yoo-jung was in a very good condition, and when she came out alone after one lecture, she talked to her mother on the phone. In fact, Yoo-jung noticed that Hong Seol was chasing her at this time, but pretended not to know. Yoo-jung, who was standing still surrounded by people in the department after taking one more class, hears Hong Seol, Jang Bo-ra, and Kwon Eun-taek talking without her knowledge. Here, knowing that Hong Seol is in bad shape and that she was trying to return the umbrella to herself, she finally realizes why Hong Seol just chased her. And I think of the time when I was close to Baek siblings in the past. At this time, when people gathered and said that Yoo-jung had a cold and was left alone the day before, she said "Yes" casually, but when she saw Seol leaving an umbrella next to her without saying anything, she tried to say that she did it with her, but Seol had already left. Yoojung was really flustered when she saw this.

The next day, he pulls out a drink from a vending machine, and the previous day, Hong Seol was stuck between Jang Bo-ra and Kwon Eun-taek, and he was lying face down in classI'm confused that I don't have a little time to talk, recalling that I was sick even when I bought ice cream as a group, but Hong Seol approaches and mistakes herself with someone else and asks to borrow 10,000 won in cash, or 2,000 won. When Hong Seol, who looks sick, asks for help from her, Yoojung, who looks embarrassed, hands 40,000 won in cash. However, Hong Seol, who recognizes that it is an oil well, is ashamed and shakes off the oil well holding her and leaves. Yoo-jung follows the sick Hongseol and sees Hongseol, who eventually falls down, but stands still without approaching him. Then, Kwon Eun-taek appears and watches as he takes Hong Seol. Yoojung buys a bottle of Ssanghwatang and approaches Hongseol, but Hongseol runs away after seeing Yoojung. Yoo-jung recalls Hong Seol, who just turned around and has been greeting until now. Just then, Yoojung looks very surprised as she sees Bo-ra and Eun-taek heading to the health room carrying Hongseol, who seems to have collapsed. After watching Hong Seol's empty seat in the classroom, Yoo Jeong recalls what happened with Hong Seol from her first meeting until now, and Yoo Jeong cuts off the professor's words in the middle and leaves the classroom, saying she has urgent business to enter the health room where Hong Seol lies.

She just stared at her and muttered what she felt while watching Hongseol until then, and repeatedly said, "Seol-a," thinking about when she called her when she became close to Hongseol.

After a while, it will be the final exam period, and after being around Hong Seol, who is studying with Bo-ra and Eun-taek in the library, she approaches without knowing and kindly explains the difficult part to Eun-taek and Bo-ra.

However, I hear Hong Seol, who is completely exhausted from her mind and body because of her sleep at a company dinner at the end of the semester after the final exam, talking about taking a leave of absence from school to Jang Bo-ra and Kwon Eun-taek. Perhaps surprised, he was looking at Hongseol casually, but Hongseol, who accidentally made eye contact with him, suddenly developed vomiting and rushed to the bathroom. Yoo-jung, who saw this, said, "Why does she do that whenever she sees him?"

When Hong Seol, who was stumbling out of the store, bumped into her, she tried to help her, but Hong Seol refuses (without knowing that this person is Yoojung). You said you could go alone... You said you were good at it by yourself... When Yoo-jung asks if she will really take a leave of absence, Seol repeats that she is doing well on her own (still unaware that her opponent is Yoo-jung). Looking at the back of Seol, he said, "Ah. Really?" the look on his face is unusual.

The next day, after the company dinner is over, Yoo-jung visits Heo Yoon-seop to keep Hong Seol in check and threatens him with his weakness, causing him to abandon his report. As a result, Hong Seol, who won a full scholarship, gives up taking a leave of absence.

I talk to my mother on the phone while collecting books for overseas trips at home, but she says it's hectic because she's a senior and has a lot of appointments. accept one's mother's words that one should have fun on vacationI finish the call, but I mumble on vacation and think about something. And while writing a group message to his juniors, including Jang Bo-ra and Kwon Eun-taek, he puts down his cell phone and lies down.

He lies down and spaces out, and remembers that Hong Seol applied to the xx company, and wakes up saying it's near here. And while walking outside, he finds Seol in a cafe, tries to approach her, but gives up when he sees people around Seol. Seol-do finishes her work at a cafe and comes out with her classmates, and when one of them asks Seol about her ideal type, she listens. My motivation for listening to Seol's ideal type, which is so unrealistic, gives up on going on a blind date, and Seol refuses, saying she is sorry for her motivation and cannot afford to go on a blind date yet. Upon hearing this story, Yoojung heads to the airport with a slight smile.

6. the first semester of one's senior year at university
After the start of the semester, they start pouring into Hongseol in earnest.

When she bought lunch personally and became interested in Hong Seol, she changed her hairstyle to a slightly short hair or wore the same black V-neck as Hong Seol's clothes. I was walking down the street and I was like, "You got something on your foot."
In addition, it helps a lot both materially and psychologically. In the 25th episode, she bought a cake for Hong Seol, who looked like she was about to cry because of job counseling, and told the teacher she knew and said she would pay for the course. When Hong Seol was embarrassed by the sudden favor, he comforted her to tell her if she had a hard time.
He escorts Hong Seol and suggests that we go to the cinema together to write a class thesis. While watching a difficult historical movie at the movie theater, Hong Seol couldn't bear the boredom and fell asleep, supporting her head and saying, "You can't sleep." It's a task," he says, or in episode 45, he calls Hong Seol's name in front of him, but Hong Seol is dozing off with her earphones, so when she asks, "Senior's hair?" he takes the earphones out of his ears, saying, "I'm going to take them out." He also makes physical contact naturally.

However, because last year's incident was an event, Hongseol at this point has not erased all of the still reluctant impressions on Yoojung. It's a long way to go for Yoojung when she's worried about whether she'll like her personally or not. There is a description that blushes sometimes on the face when making eye contact, but it is just a reaction to a handsome person, not as someone who really wants to date.

On the other hand, Baek In-ho is treated like a complete dog cake, saying, "The crazy things (Yu-jung and Hong-seol) met well." And he also does not openly reveal Baek In-ho and treats him like a dog. Baek In-ha, Baek In-ho's older sister, is also undesirably in touch here or at least. After the phone call with Baek In-ha, Hong Seol is also asked to ignore her if she talks to her again, making a blatant impression to the extent that she wonders.

And in the midst of this, Hong Seol eventually causes an accident. When Kang Ah-young became interested in Yoo-jung, she asked to eat together, but she brought Kang Ah-young and tried to connect the two. Then he paid for his meal separately and took it out because he was going on a blind date.

In other words, she slightly crossed the line by connecting with Kang Ah-young and making Yoo-jung's HP zero, and then disappeared after flying "I'm going on a blind date" to Final Blow (...). Yoo-jung is especially shocked by the news that Hong Seol went on a blind date.

Afterwards, she calls Hong Seol, who is on a blind date, or listens to Hong Seol's shoes, who fell on the street and is devastated, and walks her home. Then, he says, "You had a reason," and "It's hard to have a meal with you once," and then leaves. Hong Seol dressed up beautifully and asked her to eat together for the first time, so I was expected to be a little interested in her, but she was shocked that Hong Seol did not see herself as reason at all, and Hong Seol was also disappointed because she misunderstood that she was trying to get close to her because of her purpose of connecting herself with Kang Ah-young.

The next day, Yoojung openly ignores Hongseol even in front of others. Hong Seol summarizes two reasons why Yoo-jung was angry because she thought she had introduced Kang Ah-young at her own discretion and that she thought it was pure intention, but she misunderstood that she became close to her for the same calculative reasons as others. However, Hong Seol is not yet sure that Yoo-jung is reasonably interested in him.

And officially apologize to Hongseol and each other. When it comes to sulking, she admits honestly that she is like a child, and Hong Seol finds Yoo-jung, who thought she was only a haughty and hard person, unexpectedly has a candid side, so she sees Yoo-jung a little new. And Yoojung finally succeeds in getting a dinner appointment for the two of them from Hongseol.

Later, in the group project of management negotiation theory, when Hong Seol tried to find a part-time job because it was difficult for her to receive a D grade due to her members, she noticed and introduced her to the office assistant. In fact, Heo Yoon-seop had been thinking of a nominee for the position, but since he had a past of stealing Yoo-jung's card, he couldn't refuse it because he was numb and eventually accepted Hong Seol as a part-time worker. Even after Hong Seol got a job at the academy, she keeps coming to see it, giving an excuse for the seasonal semester.

7. the second semester of a college senior
On January 16, 2013, the long-awaited second semester began in the new semester (1) of Part 3, Episode 1.

Due to the influence of false rumors spread by Oh Young-gon, female students are whispering about rumors of a couple between Kwon Eun-taek and Hong Seol. When a female student tries to check with Hong Seol whether it is true, Yoojung wedges, saying, "Seol is dating me?" As expected, everyone was surprised that Yoo-jung and Hong-seol became a couple and the classroom was in chaos. In addition, Kim Sang-cheol still had lingering feelings about Kang Ah-young, and to make matters worse, the misunderstanding of Yoo-jung has not been resolved, so he realized that he was in front of his classmates and went off. And Oh Young-gon, who spread rumors of Kwon Eun-taek and Hong Seol, heard from the female students earlier as he tried to sneak out whether he didn't know Hong Seol was really dating Yoo Jung. At this time, Yoojung quietly stares at Oh Young-gon.

Kim Kyung-hwan jokes about how far his progress with Hongseol has gone while drinking a drink with Yoo-jung. Yoo-jung recalls when she stayed in Hong Seol's private room while giving a scolding, and it is revealed that she clearly felt sexual tension in Hong Seol. It turns out that they are certainly viewed as relatives or reason. However, I think Hong Seol would have refused even if she had tried to go further than that. However, episode 60 of part 2 at the time of Hongseol did not have such a resistance to Yoo-jung, failed to touch due to Hongseol's rejection several times so far, and made such a judgment conscious of Hongseol's implicit fear of him.

The next day, I come into the classroom and I run into Kim Sang-chul. When Kim Sang-chul pretends to ask and attacks Yoo-jung as a human who only reveals luxury goods, saying, "The watch must have been very expensive," he counters that it was bought by Hong Seol on the Street.

The next day, he talks with Hong Seol in the classroom by text message, and Ha Jae-woo is seen behind him in a monologue saying, "He's a comfortable man in life." After class, I called Hongseol to have lunch with Hongseol, and I happen to see him peep at Oh Young-gon (...) He is aiming for a chance to take revenge on Oh Young-gon, but he seems to be holding it for now as his girlfriend's wits are unusual. And taking advantage of the gap, he holds Hong Seol's hand and shakes it back and forth and plays around.

When asked if he had any plans after graduation while walking Hong Seol by car, he replied that he had planned to study abroad, but he quit and was thinking of a different direction. Given his attitude of not saying empty words to Hong Seol, the words "I can't go without you" are sincere, and it seems that Hong Seol gave up studying abroad. Asked if he would go into an interning company, he then reveals that he is a child of a large company. Hong Seol feels mean when Yoo-jung doesn't mention her in her future plans, and Yoo-jung looks secretly happy when she finds out that the reason why Hong Seol is struggling is because she wants to be with her. When Hong Seol tries to get out of the car after arriving near the house, Yoojung calls from the side and hugs her back! Then, when Hong Seol reacted stiffly to kiss, they looked at each other and said they were sorry and pulled out. But Hong Seol suddenly grabs her face and kisses her cheek! When I see Hong Seol falling down, I laugh excitedly, and I keep laughing at the thought (...), but when I confess, I realize that Hong Seol showed a similar reaction and fall into thoughts. Then, when the shower suddenly falls, he turns his car again and tries to deliver an umbrella to Hong Seol, but Hong Joon and Baek In-ho fail to do so due to a slight difference, and watches Baek In-ho put a headlock on Hong Seol in the car (At this time, Baek In-ho seems to have hung it on purpose after noticing Yoo-jung's car).

I visit the noodle shop with little notice whether this bothers me a lot. As the readers expected, it leads to a situation in which Baek In-ho and Hong Seol are caught in between and are in trouble. Hong Seol's mother seems to be treating Baek In-ho without hesitation, expressing envy or jealousy.

Afterwards, she goes home and worries about Hongseol, which will be more difficult to protect after she goes out to intern. He also suffers from anxiety that Hong Seol might abandon him and go to Baek In-ho. When he gets a phone call from his father, he talks about the Baek siblings, turns around and persuades them, saying it's time to become independent. Immediately after, he calls Baek In-ha and suddenly notifies her to leave the room within a week and blocks her. And he makes a monologue saying, "There are so many things wrong," but almost everyone except Hong Seol and Yoojung herself seems to be the target.

The next day, Hong Seol, the lost ring of the lion's cell phone, responds that she understands and agrees to go together and deliver it.

He goes to the cafe warehouse and asks Baek In-ho, who is standing in front of the piano, "Do you want to play the piano?" When Baek In-ho rushed in for a blow, he mentioned the music professor and advised Hong Seol not to flirt with him, recommended rehabilitation, and even suggested studying abroad. Hong Seol, who felt Yoo-jung was too ahead, said, "Is it right that you really worry about Yoo-jung when she restrained her and didn't bend?" and protested the injustice that had been suffered by Yoo-jung all last year by saying, "I don't know if I'm sarcastic or ignoring her." Yoo-jung hits the nail on the head, but fails to refute it, turning her words to the topic of Baek In-ho's future, ending her hesitation. When Baek In-ho declares that he will play the piano again, Yoo-jung indirectly mentions Baek In-ha and tries to threaten him. However, Baek In-ho, who does not know that Baek In-ha was kicked out, rather mistook it for talking about Hongseol and recalls the original purpose of his approach to Hongseol to draw fire.

Recalling Hong Seol's protest against her while working at home, she shows frustration by hitting and erasing the sentence "Why don't you understand" on her laptop. Soon after, when Chairman Yoo called to express his regret about letting Baek and his brother leave, he honestly poured out all his feelings and complaints accumulated there, and said that Baek In-ho's left hand incident was not related to him. Then, he repeatedly emphasizes that he is not strange.Eventually, when Hong Seol, who couldn't see the two, tries to talk about what happened with Baek In-ho, he concludes from his own position. After that, he was deceived by Oh Young-gon's fishing text and entered the classroom, and Oh Young-gon followed him and continued to tease him, mentioning "what he put on Hongseol," and when Oh Young-gon ignored, he thought about something and smiled.

Oh Young-gon clearly called Yoo-jung's phone number last year, and while Oh Young-gon was greatly embarrassed that someone else received it, Yoo-jung quietly says a word. "So you... What did you just do

Oh Young-gon, who was only puffed up at the thought of completing Yoo-jung, is angry, saying, "I'll tell Hong Seol everything by grabbing Yoo-jung's collar, but he is shocked when he sees Yoo-jung's cutthroat eyes. In addition, Oh Young-gon catches the scene by the collar because the classmates who invited Oh Young-gon to buy him food, arrived just in time. In response to Kim Kyung's question, Yoo-jung blurs the tail of her words and induces Oh Young-gon to falsely induce the situation as if he had a grudge against Hong Seol, and Oh Young-gon is in a corner and treated like a crazy man by his classmates. Yoo-jung sends his classmates out of the classroom and turns around that he saw the recording to Oh Young-gon, who is left alone, and retells Oh Young-gon's words, "I'm embarrassed because I have no thoughts and I'm flimsy."

After the class is over, I wait anxiously to see if Oh Young-gon was worried about saying something strange to Hong Seol. Hong Seol smiles with confidence as she runs with an expression that nothing happened.

He went to a meat restaurant to have dinner with Hong Seol, and a group of senior students, including Kim Sang-chul, stepped in and sat together. Yoojung is not only trying to get a drink, but also blocking Hong Seol from recommending alcohol and drinking everything instead. When the classmates put pressure on them to kiss, the other two kisses first, and they defend themselves and get out. Afterwards, I drank too much, and eventually the taste disappeared, and I took Hongseol out because I thought I couldn't. He goes out and sits in an alley, talks about last year, and shows his willingness to lean on and rely on Hong Seol. And I ended up kissing Hong Seol while I was drunk!

He returns home and happily spreads it out while sleeping (...) and appears at Hongseol's store the next day. I hear from Baek In-ho that Baek In-ha appeared in University A, but as if I ignored it, I passed it and consistently raised Baek In-ho's temper by saying, "You can leave here." And face to face with Hong Seol's father. He reveals that he is the son of the Chairman of Company Z. While walking down the street at night, he treated Hong Seol, who was in a state of confusion due to the kiss of the previous day, as if he had bought her candy and handed her over, and then kissed her suddenly right before getting into the car.

After the weekend, I meet with Hong Seol again at school and hear about Oh Young-gon and Kwon Eun-taek's quarrel and what happened with Son Min-soo. As he enters the classroom, Son Min-soo sneaks in and blocks Hong Seol from having a quarrel. Recalling Hong Seol's comment that Son Min-soo seems to be imitating him during the group project, he keeps an eye on the ring of the lion doll on Son Min-soo's cell phoneIt is certain that Son Min-soo's name was on his blacklist, considering his actions such as pointing out Son Min-soo's task and putting Hong Seol on top. In addition, he even handed over the position of group project leader to Ha Jae-woo, who was quite strict and tough on the task, and Son Min-soo seems to be following in the footsteps of a loser who gave him advice, not advice.

As he looks at himself, he smiles as if laughing at Son Min-soo, who is embarrassed, and then turns his gaze again. And he said to Kim Sang-cheol leaving the classroom, "It's the last group, so work hard," and Kim Sang-cheol responded, "Your group is not good enough for the other two, but you're going to be an intern, so you're passing it all on to Ha Jae-woo, and it's going to be a distraction." He said, "But everyone does at least my part. He answers, "It would be better than if I failed internship and couldn't do group projects." When Kim Sang-chul, embarrassed by this, asked who he was talking about, he naturally said, "What? Who?" he replies. He smiles at Kim Sang-chul, who goes to roast Ha Jae-woo as he expected, and then meets Hong Seol, who was watching him at that moment. At this time, Hong Seol and Yoo Jeong stand in a dark classroom and face each other, creating a quite meaningful production.

After not having contact with Hong Seol for a while as an intern, he came to make a group presentation, but when he saw Kim Sang-chul being threatening to Hong Seol, he immediately restrained him. After closing the situation, he goes to his group to prepare for the presentation, but then he sees a picture of Hong Joon taken by Son Min-soo on his cell phone screen. When I looked at Son Min-soo for a while, and when I met his eyes, he showed me that he did a great job in the survey, and when he was praised, Son Min-soo fumbled and replied, "I was able to find it because my senior told me the site for reference." And it is revealed that Son Min-soo plagiarized the assignment by Hong Seol and his party immediately after the announcement.

Yoo-jung synthesizes (1) Son Min-soo's tendency to weave when he usually does assignments, (2) Hong Seol's complaints and information that he keeps imitating him, and (3) Oh Young-gon's reluctance to see Son Min-soo urge him to get close to Yoo-jung and that he can easily control it. After seeing an interview with CEO of Q company that Son Min-soo found, Hong Seol suggested to Hong Seol in an organizational management class last year, "I hope you keep looking at the same place," but Hong Seol cannot catch up. Just before breaking up with Yoojung, Hong Seol said, "I don't think it's just hard work at work. I told you everything even though I'm embarrassed and cheesy... You tell me everything, too. So it's all...," Yoojung asks, surprised for a moment, then smiles and responds, "Yes."

A few days later, I'm calling because I'm canceling my appointment because of a sudden meeting, but I text you because Hong Seol's phone was turned off. He sits on the sofa with an exhausted look on his face, saying that Yoo-jung's father seems tired of seeing it, and saying, "Now accept that everything in the world is not going your way."

When I heard that, I thought with my subdued eyes, "Then..." After that, he calls again, but Hong Seol doesn't answer again.

I was waiting for Hong Seol on her way home, shocked by the happening caused by Oh Young-gon and Baek In-ha, whether the meeting was over in the evening. He stands in front of the car checking his watch, and approaches with a very bright smile when he sees Hongseol. Since the meeting, he has been busy running and talking, thinking that he was upset when he saw Hong Seol with a dark expression, but what Hong Seol brought up was about the Oh Young-gon incident. When Hong Seol questioned, "Is it true that I really had such a conversation with Oh Young-gon and sent a text so easily that I think I like Oh Young-gon?" he admitted, "Yes."

When Hong Seol asked about the self-proclaimed "Yoojung's girlfriend" who is the number owner, she was surprised for a while and explained that she supported the other person by revealing that they were white, but now only bad feelings remain, and she is not a girlfriend, and she doesn't have to care about that. Hong Seol's questioning of why he sent such a text to Oh Young-gon is consistent that he really didn't know that would happen, and white people said they were just talking nonsense, and tried to bury their past wrongdoings by using Hong Seol's psychological agitation, saying, "Now let's bury last year." and "You want to do that, too." When Hong Seol does not accept her words and turns her head, she says, "Then I'll wait," and looks at Hong Seol running without an answer.

After a few days, I come to school after a long time. He talks to Son Min-soo, who is waiting to spoil Hongseol in front of the building, pretending that he thought it was Hongseol. After that, he criticized Hong Seol for being similar in appearance, having a lion doll that he seems to have seen a lot, and pointing out his boyfriend one after another and attacking him sarcastically. When Son Min-soo was embarrassed by his completely different appearance from his usual image, he showed his true colors and warned that he would not do so anymore, saying, "No matter how hard I try, I can't be the same or similar to myself."

As the report cannot be replaced, I come across Hong Seol when I come to take the test. When Hong Seol sits far away with Jang Bo-ra and Kwon Eun-taek, Kim Kyung-hwan, who wonders why he sits apart, makes an excuse to focus on the test. While talking to the classmates, they cast their eyes on Hong Seol, but they face each other, and when they meet each other, they follow Hong Seol, who went out, into the hallway. When Hong Seol shows reluctance toward her, she waits for Hong Seol to come out of the bathroom and hands her a can of drinks. However, when Hongseol escaped without even receiving it, he hugged Hongseol from behind. When Hong Seol was flustered, she stood cradling for a moment Hold a can of soda in your hand.

After the test, Kwon Eun-taek talks to him and tells him about Oh Young-gon's start to flirt with Hong Seol again. At this time, he will also watch the video, especially when he sees Oh Young-gon touch Hong Seol and touch his hair, his expression hardens. After hearing, "They say they're going to report it, but I think they're going to persuade them strongly because they're soft," he asks them to send him more evidence in the future.

He quietly walks down the street and recalls arguing with Hong Seol, and laughs while thinking, "Honestly, do you hate it if you get angry and lie?" and "Now I have to do it my way."

The next day, while going to school to submit a report, I see Hong Joon and talk to him. Thanks to Kang Ah-young's presence next to him at this time, Hong Joon reveals that he has been dating Kang Ah-young due to a strange competitive psychology. After being surprised for a while, he smiles and congratulates him, and leaves after making a meal appointment. It seems that they are trying to properly feed Son Min-soo with the fact that they are dating.

The next day, I encounter Hong Seol as I enter the classroom for a test. While the classmates were paying attention to "Son Min-soo's boyfriend," he said, "Don't you have a picture on your phone?"" It greatly contributes to the release of the photo by saying that.

And as I told Hong-jun the day before, he called Hong-jun in time for the end of the exam, saying he would buy him food. He seems to have no idea about Son Min-soo's boyfriend.

Son Min-soo, who has been caught lying, tries to stop him when he hears his classmates laughing at him and gets distracted and grabs Hong Seol's hair. In the meantime, when Oh Young-gon tried to film a video of the two fighting, he took his phone and turned it off, blocked it, and also scolded the male students who tried to film the video, saying, "Let's not do this with friends from the same department."

After the case is over, Jang Bo-ra and Kwon Eun-taek handed Hong Seol's luggage and medicine and wait for Hong Seol to come out of the classroom. He puts ointment on his face, apologizes to Hong Seol, and talks again. And he says he's not in a hurry and he'll keep waiting until he approaches.

Since then, he has not appeared for a while and appears in front of Hong Seol, who is tired and struggling. Listen to Hong Seol's anger and comfort her and hug her. Bring home Hong Seol, who has fallen asleep, and put her to sleep. At this time, there are traces of being kicked in the face due to Hong Seol's sleeping habit. He hugs Hongseol, who woke up, lies down again, complains about his wound, and sleeps tightly so he can't struggle. While having lunch with Hongseol, it is not a good thing to do only what you have to do silently, so I advise you not to avoid it.

I go to school after a long time after the pub. There, you can see Baek In-ha sticking to Ha Jae-woo, and Ha Jae-woo tearing off his laptop and being scolded by Baek In-ha, struggling with Kim Sang-chul's threats.

Using Ha Jae-woo, he approaches Ha Jae-woo, who is crying, and criticizes Kim Sang-chul's behavior and persuades him to cook.< Subsequently, he meets Baek In-ha and has a conversation, and looking at the contents of the conversation, it is very likely that Baek In-ha was bought to satisfy Oh Young-gon. At this time, Oh Young-gon takes a picture without even knowing it.

They invite Hong Seol to eat school meals together, and they meet Professor Shim and Baek In-ho, who came to eat school meals, and even join together. There are scenes where he looks carefully at Baek In-ho's left hand while having a war of nerves with Baek In-ho. Still, I thought it was passing by without any problems, but I am very shocked to see Hong Seol and Baek In-ho talking happily while beckoning on topics they do not even know.

Although they occasionally reply to Hong Seol from a few days later, they are unable to meet and talk even if white people break into classrooms, disturbances, and false accusations of both legs occur in the middle. Eventually, Oh Young-gon became insane and chased Hong Seol to the neighborhood where she lived and learned through Baek In-ha and Kwon Eun-taek that he was acting violently, and even threw documents while working in anger. At this time, he wakes up to cool his head and takes out the watch Hong Seol gave him, and it seems to be broken when he sees that the time is different from the watch worn by Yoojung.

Oh Young-gon, who was sent by Kwon Eun-taek, organizes the screenshots of posts he posted on the Internet and sends stalking evidence photos, videos, and recordings to make him realize that he was panicking and playing completely.
Looking at the conversation in Episode 72 of Part 3, the file Eun-taek sent to Yoo-jung was a voice file recorded by Seol, and the file Yoo-jung sent to Oh Young-gon was a video file at that time.

After that, he texted Hong Seol and said he would visit her and listened to the part where Hong Seol said, "The reason why I'm dating Yoojung," recorded in a file at home. And when I think of Baek In-ho while saying, "What's left..." it seems that he is trying to separate Baek In-ho from Hongseol in earnest.

At that time, Hong Seol comes to the house and asks to talk. When she is questioned about the past, she tries to pass it on moderately again this time, but she is afraid to tell the truth by showing her feelings differently than usual to Hong Seol, who strongly says she cannot cover it up. However, Hong Seol said, "I want to know an honest senior. Because... When he says, "Because I like it," he eventually corrects his posture and unravels what he has accumulated so far by revealing his feelings and past. Then thank you for saying you like it, I keep kissing you too, saying I like you. Grabbing Hong Seol's embarrassed wrist, she says something is on her clothes, and Hong Seol replies, "I know."

After talking with Hong Seol, some readers seem to be anxious about breaking up with Hong Seol, and others seem to think that they will be closer to each other by acknowledging and understanding the difference. However, given the previous conversation, the latter seems to be more likely. Besides, given that he says he leaves only his favorite things in this episode...

After taking Hong Seol near her house, Baek In-ho witnesses this.

A few days later, when he was going to school for the first time in a long time, he saw the president who hired Baek In-ho looking for Hong Seol, and approached Hong Seol about what he had to do. And I meet Hong Seol for the first time in a long time and take a class together, and I also take care of Hong Seol, who continues to be sleepy. He takes the documents out of his bag, saying he has documents to show during the date, and as he did a year ago, the documents fall, but this time, Hong Seol, not Yoojung, kicks the documents that fell at her feet.(Dinner Show Act 3, Part 3) He was quite dumbfounded and fights Hong Seol, who is bickering as usual. However, even though they are close, they do not spread to big things like before, and they laugh at each other and move on. And I get an invitation from Hongseol for dinner. But there was Baek In-ho.

Knowing that Baek In-ho was also invited to dinner, Hong Seol is nervous that something will happen, but ends the meal without any problems.

However, after that, they fight because of their attitude toward Baek In-ho and Hong Seol outside.

After In-ho leaves, he texts Seol, covered in wounds, and tells her to come out and receives treatment from Seol at a noodle shop.

And it reveals the reason why Yoo-jung accumulated bad feelings for In-ho. Yoo-jung, who went to a concert on behalf of In-ho when she was a high school senior, finds Baek siblings coming out of her house. And when I see my father in the living room, I realize that a hundred siblings have come to meet my father. Yoo-jung, who came out of the hallway while studying in her room that night, unintentionally heard her parents fighting, and at this time, the real reason why her father had attached hundreds of siblings as Yoo-jung's friends burst all at once. Since then, she has always been treated like a strange child by her father, hugging Seol, saying that everyone around her might think she is strange, and giving a warm hug to such Yoo-jung, Seol said, "At first, we treated each other like weird and hateful people, but when I think about it again, it's not strange, it's different?"I think that's it." He comforts me kindly.

In episode 61, he appeared in accepting Hong Seol who was threatened by Kim Sang Chul and fell. Due to the circumstances, it seems that he was contacted by Kim Kyung-hwan and ran. For your information, he was at the scene from the beginning and got out of the car when Hong Seol became dangerous and saved her, and it seems that he appeared at the end after respecting Hong Seol's intention that he wanted to fight and solve it himself. When he was seriously injured in his hand while covering for Hong Seol, he learned that Hong Seol was assaulted by Kim Sang-chul and said, "Why are you doing this to Seol? What? There's something like that. I was staring at Kim Sang-cheol with that expression when he beat up an underwear thief, saying, "Why can't you do that..." but Seol covered his eyes and didn't run away. After that, I will go to the hospital with the Lunar New Year and receive treatment.

When I come to the health room with Lunar New Year's Day, I sit in bed watching Seol, who goes around looking for first aid medicine, and then smile slightly as I recall the past. He dissuades Seol, who said he needs to go to a pharmacy, saying that the ointment seems to be old. Later, he said he would understand when he was told to get treatment at a university hospital.

Hugging Lunar New Year, "More than that... "Why didn't I tell you again?" he said, "It was almost a big deal," and asked Seol why he didn't talk about Sang-cheol, but when asked how he got to school, he replied that it was a psychosis, and the senior wouldn't tell me. Next time, he asked me to say anything, whether it's a psychosis or something, and asked Seol, "If it's not me, who will believe you and be on your side? I'm the only one for you, right?" But maybe because Yoojung said it, Lunar New Year feels a strange pressure.

A few days later, he surprised Seol, who was sitting in the back of the classroom and turned around casually. And when I said hello to Seol, Hong Seol, surprised by the cast on her right hand, moved to the back seat where she was affectionate. Whispering to Seol, who is freaked out by a cast. When Seol asked about her hand in her notebook immediately, she liked it, saying it was her first time doing a hand-written conversation with Seol. According to what he said, it wasn't severe, but it was slightly cracked.

It is said that the company was considerate of this and that. I even brought a gift for the professor, saying that I have to graduate only when I get a grade. After that, you're worried a lot at home after talking with Lunar New Year, right? "Of course you're worried," she writes in her question. But the look on the face of this theory is strange.

Since then, he has been taking classes with Seol, but he has not listened properly and is leaning his hands and feet. After class, he greets Seol, saying he is going to the professor's office, and goes to meet Kim Sang-chul. Kim Sang-chul, who is a senior and junior, shows the watch his mother bought him and asks the person who received the gift to compensate him because it is rude. Kim Sang-chul, who noticed that it was an expensive watch, announced that he was only going to get half the used market price. Since he is in the same department, he is not going to get paid for it, but Kim Kyung-hwan is demanding that Ha Jae-woo use his laptop alone.

Since then, Kim Sang-chul's watch is fake, so he only needs to pay 50,000 won, but he has no notable track record of working at the company other than feeding him why he brought millions of won, but he feels anxious that he is destroying Hong Seol by manipulating Lee Da-young and others behind him to isolate Kim Sang-chul and feel good about the result. He also says that he knew he was the criminal who visited Baek In-ha and confessed to his father.

In this state, he is caught by Baek In-ho's text that he will meet Hong Seol, and confronts him again, and has a conversation that will be the last with him, who was a long-time bad relationship. While showing signs of displeasure at the fact that he was deceived and called out, Baek In-ho pointed out his hidden mean side for the first time in the work. Seeing this, he was angry at Baek In-ho, who laughed at Yoo-jung, and grabbed him by the collar, but it was Yoo-jung who talked freely as Baek In-ho said, and Yoo-jung herself who did not do anything to Hong Seol. Baek In-ho points out to Yoo-jung that all of this is the result of Yoo-jung's self-calling, as she told others throughout the work, and finally realizes his petty malice that he denied throughout the work. And it ends bitterly with the conclusion that Yoo-jung had no specific intention of destroying her hand, but she clearly wanted Baek In-ho to be ruined, and finally Baek In-ho disappears around Yoo-jung.

Shortly afterwards, Yoo-jung ran around looking for Hong Seol, but she was always within reach of him and could not see her at all. Hong Seol returned after receiving a text message saying she would contact her later, but since then, Hong Seol has not received enough calls to accumulate 32 missed calls, and I can't even visit her in person this time when it was revealed that she had deceived Hong Seol. After that, when Hong Seol contacted him for the first time in a long time, he repeatedly said he was sorry, and immediately, the scenery of Yoo-jeong's house, which destroyed all of her favorite collections, is reflected and the collapsed Yoo-jeong is displayed.

Afterwards, Yoojung's perspective is described with the title of the episode Youth. The state of the house, the collection that he was attached to like the last time, and the nervousness of inserting expensive watches into vinyl, clearly shows Yoo-jung's psychological state, which is at its peak in stress that her relationship with Hong Seol may end. Then, when he discovered the watch that Hong Seol gave him, he recalled his memory of receiving it as a gift, and heard from his father that Hong Seol had been chased by President Min, and rushed to Hong Seol.

When he saw Hong Seol, whose legs were loosened and fell, he apologized and expressed his thoughts. He was agonizing over whether he was a person who only harmed Hong Seol, or whether it was wrong for him to meet Hong Seol, and at the end of that thought, there was a conclusion that he, who was so unclean, was a mean and strange human being. Therefore, when Hong-seol reached out to raise her up while she couldn't even come close to her, she began to tell her everything in tears whether Hong-seol's accumulated emotions exploded with relief that she didn't abandon her.

Later, it is revealed that Yoo-jung herself did not intend to deceive her, as the reminiscence of Cheese in the Trap began with Yoo-jung's point of view, and that all the strange actions so far were due to the anxiety that she might be abandoned by her karma. Yoo-jung, who confessed these facts, asks Hong-seol if she hates him now, and does not show how Hong-seol answered this.

Afterwards, the if story of Cheese in the Trap and the rest of Hongseol's college life are described, but they appear in the Cheese in the Trap episode (1) for the first time in a long time. Gong Ju-yong, who once criticized her for filming a human theater, contacts her first and reunites, and at this time, she shows her understanding of Gong Ju-yong by reflecting on her own human theater and reflecting on her bitter smile. Since then, the ambiguous description continued until Hong Seol's graduation ceremony, giving the atmosphere of breaking up with Hong Seol, but it turns out that she did not break up with Hong Seol, who was crying at the end of the graduation ceremony, and congratulated her on her graduation.

The epilogue describes the situation after Yoojung's confession. It was Hong Seol who was embarrassed by the appearance of a child-like Yoo-jung, but in the end, she said she didn't hate such Yoo-jung, so let's go back together. Shortly afterwards, a happening occurs when Hong Seol's family encounters, and thanks to this, she stays at Hong Seol's house overnight and completely reconciles by sharing unfinished words in bed. Since then, it has been revealed that the relationship between the two began in the past long before college, not in college, and Cheese in the Trap ends.